

Amdaris - A better way to build, maintain and improve software applications | Amdaris Get in touch | +44(0)117 935 3444 Book a meeting Home Our Services Overview Software Development Strategy & Consulting Product Development Data Solutions Managed Services Extended Delivery Teams Our Extended Delivery Teams Our Progressive Approach Success Stories About Us News Careers Contact Us Sustainability Company Policies Privacy Policy News A better way to build, maintain and improve software applications Software Development A better way to build, maintain and improve software applications Strategy & Consulting A better way to build, maintain and improve software applications Product Development A better way to build, maintain and improve software applications Data Solutions A better way to build, maintain and improve software applications Managed Services Your trusted partner for high-velocity Extended Delivery Teams Unleash limitless possibilities with Amdaris, the premier provider of Extended Delivery Teams! Established in the city of Bristol in 2009, we’ve forged a reputation for delivering results that exceed expectations. With our flexible Progressive Delivery Approach and a team of exceptional professionals, we’ll make your seemingly impossible challenges a success. Imagine a partner who will not only seamlessly integrate into your business and culture, but will consistently deliver game-changing solutions that take your organisation to the next level. Unparalleled excellence with Amdaris’ extended delivery teams At the heart of our offering lies a solution that has revolutionised the way we deliver our services. Discover the better way we’ve found to continually delight, inspire and challenge our clients. With a team of exceptional professionals and a commitment to excellence, we’re ready to take your business to the next level. Learn more about our Extended Delivery Teams Change the game with our progressive approach to delivery Unlock the power of a truly exceptional team and watch as we work our magic to deliver game-changing results for your business. With a commitment to achieving quality through higher standards of governance and unwavering consistency, this innovative delivery approach is your key to success. Learn more about our proven methodology Clients that trust our teams Amdaris work closely to understand the goals and aspirations we have as an organisation, it’s a partnership built on trust and mutual respect across our teams as they work together as one. Robert Walters I was very impressed with the speed of the response to any requests. The Amdaris team were really easy to work with and quickly resolved any query to ensure our stakeholders were informed throughout the project. Royal College of Surgeons Working with Amdaris has given me the marketable product that you see today, but beyond this, I have a product that is scalable to meet the needs of our clients nationally and globally. Orbitá We are forever indebted to Amdaris for taking something already good and making it extraordinary. No one else has a product like this and it is all down to the skills and passion of Amdaris and what they have helped us create. Northstar Amdaris staff were extremely competent and passionate about their work and fitted in well with the team. UK team members were warmly received during visits to Chisinau. WPA Read our case studies Read our case studies Read our case studies 3 key reasons why our customers trust us 01 02 03 Exceptional People We don’t just provide adequate ‘resources’ or ‘skills’; we provide dedicated, exceptional people who not only deliver excellent results but are a good cultural fit for your business. Every Amdarian will have distinguished themselves through their technical excellence, and with rigorous HR screening and in-depth interviews, we also ensure that they are the perfect fit for the culture of Amdaris and — of course — for you. Seamless Collaboration A great team is more than a collection of great individuals; it’s a motivated tribe of communicators with shared values and a common goal. You can have the best people in the world on your team, but they’re only effective if they work together. We make sure everyone is aligned, understands your business needs, and is working towards your success, both in the short and long term. Continuous Learning Every individual we hire will have a growth mindset and be eager to keep improving their skills. As a business, we are also continuously learning and striving to push ourselves to the next level. Continuous learning also extends to our relationship with you. From our first conversation we’ll work hard to better understand your business, goals, and needs in order to deliver the best possible results. 01 Exceptional People We don’t just provide adequate ‘resources’ or ‘skills’; we provide dedicated, exceptional people who not only deliver excellent results but are a good cultural fit for your business. Every Amdarian will have distinguished themselves through their technical excellence, and with rigorous HR screening and in-depth interviews, we also ensure that they are the perfect fit for the culture of Amdaris and — of course — for you. 02 Seamless Collaboration A great team is more than a collection of great individuals; it’s a motivated tribe of communicators with shared values and a common goal. You can have the best people in the world on your team, but they’re only effective if they work together. We make sure everyone is aligned, understands your business needs, and is working towards your success, both in the short and long term. 03 Continuous Learning Every individual we hire will have a growth mindset and be eager to keep improving their skills. As a business, we are also continuously learning and striving to push ourselves to the next level. Continuous learning also extends to our relationship with you. From our first conversation we’ll work hard to better understand your business, goals, and needs in order to deliver the best possible results. Net Promoter Score / 87 Any rating above an 80 is considered excellent and puts us in the top percentile. Our long-term partners’ satisfaction speaks for itself. Employee Retention / 85% With state-of-the-art workplaces and employee benefits, employee satisfaction is a top priority for us. Not everyone gets to work at Amdaris; those who do, stay. Staff Promoted / 18% Our teams work incredibly hard, and we show our thanks through action as well as words. Everyone has people, but not everyone has Amdaris people. ISO 27001 Trusted with your projects, trusted with your data. Your information is secured in all forms, including paper-based, cloud-based and digitally. Net Promoter Score / 87 Employee Retention / 85% Any rating above an 80 is considered excellent and puts us in the top percentile. Our long-term partners’ satisfaction speaks for itself. With state-of-the-art workplaces and employee benefits, employee satisfaction is a top priority for us. Not everyone gets to work at Amdaris; those who do, stay. Our teams work incredibly hard, and we show our thanks through action as well as words. Everyone has people, but not everyone has Amdaris people. Trusted with your projects, trusted with your data. Your information is secured in all forms, including paper-based, cloud-based and digitally. Staff Promoted / 18% ISO 27001 Our capabilities Software Engineering Amdaris extends your teams with exceptional people developed from Eastern Europe’s richest talent pools and top technical universities. Amdaris software engineers will not only deliver your project, but impart their knowledge to increase your own team’s capabilities. Product Design The collaborative phases of researching, brainstorming and, of course, designing projects. All underpinned by a flexible, sprint-led process to deliver your projects on time and on budget in a trusted partnership. Software Architecture The development of a functional blueprint for your software project to expedite and increase the efficiency of the entire process. Such attention to detail will help ensure we are consistently on track towards delivering your essential goals. Quality Assurance Eradicate the cost of bug fixing further down the line by investing in Quality Assurance. With manual, automated and other testing approaches, we ensure that bugs are fixed before they go live in the system. Solutions Architecture Providing technical assistance and support, Solutions Architecture identifies your technical and business requirements and designs a bespoke, commercially viable solution utilising the necessary Amdaris services. Product Leadership Building the strategy for delivering your project by identifying key metrics and creating a roadmap. Product Leadership helps keep things on track by collating opinions and making tough decisions when necessary. Business Analysis Learning the needs of a business and identifying solutions to problems. These solutions could include the development of a software or system component, improvements to existing processes, organisation changes or strategic planning and policy development. DevOps Removing the boundaries between the traditional development and IT operations teams, DevOps establishes a set of common practices that aim to streamline deployments by making them more frequent, more reliable and less time-consuming. Data Science & Engineering With data fluent expertise, Amdaris will integrate, manage and analyse business data, figuring out how best to utilise the learnings to evolve businesses to their next stage of functionality. Agile Leadership Avoiding rigidity in our approach is a key reason behind our success. We place such an emphasis on Agile delivery — and the leadership required to deliver it — in order to adapt to any situation and continually delight our clients. Programme Management Whatever assistance our clients are seeking from Amdaris, we have skilled management practices in place to oversee the programme from inception to completion, helping it remain on track and on budget. Speak with one of our experts to learn more about our capabilities Book a meeting Our locations Our locations UK United Kingdom Bristol MD Moldova Chisinau RO Romania Timisoara Bucharest BG Bulgaria Sofia UA Ukraine Odesa UAE United ArabEmirates Dubai Find out how we can help you Get in touch and speak with one of our expert Amdarians today to discover how we can make your impossible challenges a reality. +44(0117 935 3444) Extended Delivery Teams Our Services Case studies Sustainability News Careers Privacy policy © Amdaris Group Limited. All rights reserved.

Jobs in Chisinau | Amdaris Get in touch | +44(0)117 935 3444 Book a meeting Home Our Services Overview Software Development Strategy & Consulting Product Development Data Solutions Managed Services Extended Delivery Teams Our Extended Delivery Teams Our Progressive Approach Success Stories About Us News Careers Contact Us Sustainability Company Policies Privacy Policy Moldova Chisinau Welcome to Amdaris Chisinau, Moldova. Do better and be better, every day. SEARCH JOBS Achieving the impossible We create outstanding solutions by combining innovative ideas and the very best people. Our workforce is our future and developing you is a key priority. Aim Higher At Amdaris, we embody innovation at every step. In our team, there are no borders. WHAT OUR PEOPLE ARE SAYING Ivan - Senior Software Developer | Chisinau, Moldova Here I’ve experienced exciting projects and opportunities, out-of-the-box solutions and many friends that are willing to share their knowledge. Here everyone feels connected, supported and encouraged to let their A-game shine. Mihai - Technical Director | Chisinau, Moldova Amdaris always offers opportunities to grow technically and as a person. A very open and friendly work culture enables great collaboration and smooth experience sharing. There is always someone willing to help in any situation. Elena - Quality AssuranceEngineer | Chisinau, Moldova Amdaris gave me the opportunity to discover and realize my potential. I learned how to be collaborative and work within a team, be more open to challenges and develop analytical skills. Thanks to all who have helped in my career. Serghei - Senior Software Developer | Chisinau, Moldova Amdaris helped to develop communication and public speaking skills. Participating as a speaker in an internship programme helped me understand how to explain complex things in simple words, which helps to communicate with clients. Natalia - Senior QA Engineer | Chisinau, Moldova Working with the smart people at Amdaris always keeps me motivated and engaged. At Amdaris you can individually define your career goal and always turn to professionals for support. Amdaris is the best choice for career growth. Irina - Senior QA Engineer | Chisinau, Moldova I am passionate about Amdaris, thanks to the freedom to choose what to learn and which technologies to use. Amdaris helped me to learn test automation, business analysis, scrum mastering, leadership, teaching, mentorship and more. Be rewarded SALARY At Amdaris, we offer competitive salaries. Your progression is important to us, so we create roadmaps to you learning more and earning more through our performance review and goals. CAREER Joining Amdaris is just the start of your new chapter. We will ensure you have a clear career development plan so that you can plot your destiny. LEARNING Learning and self-improvement are a core part of our values. Whether you want to get certified or train in new technologies, we will take care of it. BENEFITS Amdaris offers competitive salaries and excellent benefits, including time off, opportunities to travel, social events and referral bonuses to name a few. HEALTH Health involves more than medical cover. At Amdaris we provide access to gyms, healthy produce and much more. TECH We are geeks and we love tech. We will make sure you have high spec hardware and access to a huge array of software applications so you can work at your best. WORKSPACE Easily accessible with close transport links, our bright and collaborative Chisinau office space has it all – breakout room, brainstorming spaces and a spectacular view out the window. Remote colleagues are kept up to date with all the equipment they might need too, so no one is left out. SEARCH FOR A ROLE All Locations Bristol Chisinau Dubai London Odesa Romania Bucharest Timisoara Sofia Roles NodeJS Developer Moldova chisinau Submit CV Oracle Apex Developer Bristol bristol Submit CV TEST LEAD BRISTOL bristol Submit CV AUTOMATED TESTER BRISTOL bristol Submit CV FRONT-END DEVELOPER BRISTOL bristol Submit CV SOFTWARE ENGINEER bristol Submit CV .NET DEVELOPER BRISTOL bristol Submit CV Business Development Manager – London london Submit CV Client Partner London london Submit CV Client Partner Bristol bristol Submit CV Business Development Manager Bristol bristol Submit CV Data Engineer Sofia sofia Submit CV Senior Product Designer Bristol bristol Submit CV Product Designer Bristol bristol Submit CV Senior Python Developer Chisinau chisinau Submit CV Business Analyst Chisinau chisinau Submit CV Data Engineer Chisinau chisinau Submit CV Senior DevOps Engineer (AWS) Chisinau chisinau Submit CV Extended Delivery Teams Our Services Case studies Sustainability News Careers Privacy policy © Amdaris Group Limited. All rights reserved.

Jobs | Amdaris Get in touch | +44(0)117 935 3444 Book a meeting Home Our Services Overview Software Development Strategy & Consulting Product Development Data Solutions Managed Services Extended Delivery Teams Our Extended Delivery Teams Our Progressive Approach Success Stories About Us News Careers Contact Us Sustainability Company Policies Privacy Policy Join the Amdaris Team Are you looking to push boundaries – for yourself and for your field, keen to collaborate with like- minded people and determined to help deliver better software solutions? If so, search our list of current job opportunities from across Europe. SEARCH JOBS SEARCH INTERNSHIP Amdaris Way We believe that where our people are free to grow professionally and each others welfare is considered we will reach new levels of success together and for our clients. Passion, combined with exceptional talent, processes and team-work is the Amdaris way. Select a Location Amdaris is a multinational company with offices in UK, Moldova, Romania, Ukraine, Bulgaria and UAE. UK Bristol Find out more Romania Bucharest Find out more Moldova Chisinau Find out more UAE Dubai Find out more UK London Find out more Ukraine Odesa Find out more Romania Romania Find out more Bulgaria Sofia Find out more Romania Timisoara Find out more SEARCH FOR A ROLE All Locations Bristol Chisinau Dubai London Odesa Romania Bucharest Timisoara Sofia Roles NodeJS Developer Moldova chisinau Submit CV Oracle Apex Developer Bristol bristol Submit CV TEST LEAD BRISTOL bristol Submit CV AUTOMATED TESTER BRISTOL bristol Submit CV FRONT-END DEVELOPER BRISTOL bristol Submit CV SOFTWARE ENGINEER bristol Submit CV .NET DEVELOPER BRISTOL bristol Submit CV Business Development Manager – London london Submit CV Client Partner London london Submit CV Client Partner Bristol bristol Submit CV Business Development Manager Bristol bristol Submit CV Data Engineer Sofia sofia Submit CV Senior Product Designer Bristol bristol Submit CV Product Designer Bristol bristol Submit CV Senior Python Developer Chisinau chisinau Submit CV Business Analyst Chisinau chisinau Submit CV Data Engineer Chisinau chisinau Submit CV Senior DevOps Engineer (AWS) Chisinau chisinau Submit CV Extended Delivery Teams Our Services Case studies Sustainability News Careers Privacy policy © Amdaris Group Limited. All rights reserved.

Internships | Amdaris Get in touch | +44(0)117 935 3444 Book a meeting Home Our Services Overview Software Development Strategy & Consulting Product Development Data Solutions Managed Services Extended Delivery Teams Our Extended Delivery Teams Our Progressive Approach Success Stories About Us News Careers Contact Us Sustainability Company Policies Privacy Policy Amdaris Internship Realise your potential SELECT INTERNSHIP Until next intake Software developer Romania Intake started Software developer Sofia Intake started Software developer Odesa Intake started Software developer Chisinau Intake started Welcome! Your career in software starts here. Are you creative, eager to learn, ambitious and keen to take the next step towards your goals? If that sounds like you, then we want to hear from you. Click the button below to get started. Learn with us to master the art of coding. How Do We Teach? A mentor will be assigned to every intern Daily presentations and assignments Providing a video registration of each lesson Access to the Amdaris library’s learning materials Facilitating internal training sessions Our internships offer the opportunity to develop practical and soft skills in technology and business, building on your academic achievements. You’ll get hands-on experience in a real working environment, getting involved in collaborative team work, navigating deadlines and seeing your work come to fruition. You’ll be part of the Amdaris team, attending company events, parties and lots of other activities. The internship is comprised of three core modules. At the end of each module, you will undertake an exam composed of both practical and theoretical questions. Finally, for your final task, you will create a web application using the knowledge and skills you’ve gained. This project can also form part of your graduate work if you’d like. Next internships Internship type: Software developer Start date: October, 2022 Location: Romania Internship type: Software developer Start date: October, 2022 Location: Sofia Internship type: Software developer Start date: July, 2022 Location: Odesa Internship type: Software developer Start date: July, 2022 Location: Chisinau Select Internship Recruitment Process 1 COLLECTING AND SCREENING THE RESUMES 2 TECHNICAL TEST: INDIVIDUAL 3 TECHNICAL INTERVIEW: INDIVIDUAL 4 Internship 5 EMPLOYMENT OPPORTUNITY (BASED ON RESULTS) From internship to amazing client reviews Our internship is a great opportunity to kick off your career and grow your knowledge, abilities and skills. Our clients seeing success in their projects motivates us all to go above and beyond. Here are some of the fantastic reviews from our clients about our interns, all delighted with their standard of work… Petru, Associate Software Developer Petru is brilliant. He works efficiently, getting through tickets faster than I can brief them. He communicates with me; he asks questions about how to build a ticket, tells me if something I’ve asked for isn’t available in the way I asked for it and offers other solutions. He’s happy and friendly! He’s always positive and doesn’t complain. He’s very proactive. As soon as he’d finished building one set of tickets he found more and asked me if he should start working on those. I think he’s now finished them as well! I LOVE working with Petru. Oleg, Associate Engineer The customer was blown away with the work of Oleg Suprun, as he says “Oleg is a breath of fresh air” compared to the experiences they have had with other developers and IT service providers in the past. Dumitrita, QA Engineer Dumitrita has done an excellent job in testing the apps functionality after every bug fixing who has exceeded everyone’s expectation with quote “the biggest regression testing plan”. We are talking of more than 2000 test cases. Success in numbers 150 TOTAL NUMBER OF INTERNS 128 BECAME AMDARIANS 60 ARE NOW INTERNSHIP MENTORS 45 ARE NOW AMDARIS SPEAKERS 7 Ways to Ace your internship 1 Be proactive Clarify all the requirements and expectations in advance. Don’t be afraid to ask questions when needed in order to plan your further steps. 2 Be creative Conduct yourself like a full-time employee rather than an intern. Don’t be easily satisfied, push yourself harder to achieve better results. 3 Be determined Explore depth and breadth. Evaluate your potential and set up goals. 4 Be curious Question and investigate everything you learn, see, hear and read. 5 Be aware Invest time to learn. Invest time in code quality. 6 Be collaborative Learn from your team. Everyone around you has something to offer - just find out what. 7 Be a sponge Take advantage of the opportunity to learn from professionals. From curious intern to exceptional mentor You’ve graduated the internship and got a job offer. Great! What’s next? That depends entirely on you. At Amdaris, we have career paths in place that will help you get where you want to go. Given time and experience in your day to day job, training, certifications, internal mentoring programmes and more, you can become an event speaker or an internship/internal mentor. All you need is determination and the desire to do better and be better, every day. Here are some great examples of hard-working former interns within Amdaris who are now successful mentors within our internship programme. Anton, Intern in 2015 Anton, Mentor in 2019 Serghei, Intern in 2015 Serghei, Mentor in 2020 Alexandr, Intern in 2016 Alexandr, Mentor in 2020 Veaceslav, Intern in 2017 Veaceslav, Mentor in 2020 SEARCH FOR A ROLE All Locations Bristol Chisinau Dubai London Odesa Romania Bucharest Timisoara Sofia Roles Extended Delivery Teams Our Services Case studies Sustainability News Careers Privacy policy © Amdaris Group Limited. All rights reserved.

About Us | Amdaris Get in touch | +44(0)117 935 3444 Book a meeting Home Our Services Overview Software Development Strategy & Consulting Product Development Data Solutions Managed Services Extended Delivery Teams Our Extended Delivery Teams Our Progressive Approach Success Stories About Us News Careers Contact Us Sustainability Company Policies Privacy Policy WHO WE ARE We’re a software development company that puts people at the heart Of course, we’re obsessed with cutting-edge technology but it’s how much we care about people that sets us apart. Whether that’s looking after our clients, our staff or the next generation of tech talent, we know that exceptional software development is only possible with exceptional teamwork. If you need help extending your team, building your big idea or application support, we offer a better way to do software. MEET THE TEAM that puts people at the heart Of course, we’re obsessed with cutting-edge technology but it’s how much we care about people that sets us apart. Whether that’s looking after our clients, our staff or the next generation of tech talent, we know that exceptional software development is only possible with exceptional teamwork. If you need help extending your team, building your big idea or application support, we offer a better way to do software. MEET THE TEAM Paul Brennan Chairman Paul has held numerous Executive Chair and CEO roles at private and publicly owned companies, with a particular focus on growing early-stage businesses into global and US markets. He is currently Chair of Sunlight.io, Talmix, Cyan Forensics, and OnApp. He was Chair at the platform software provider JHC before their sale to the global financial technology company FNZ and he was the Senior Independent Director at Relayware through their merger with Zift in the US. Vlad Nanu Co-Chief Executive Officer Before moving to Bristol in 2007, Vlad led software teams at firms in Moldova and Silicon Valley. In 2009, he co-founded Amdaris. Seven years later, he took on the role of co-CEO alongside Andy Rogers. Vlad uses his 15+ years of expertise in nearshore operations and management to deliver large-scale software programs. His focus is on successful delivery, client satisfaction and company profitability. He is passionate about CSR and doing the right thing for the communities of which Amdaris is part. Andy Rogers Co-Chief Executive Officer Andy started his career at a digital web agency before co-founding Amdaris in 2009. Since taking the reins as co-CEO alongside Vlad Nanu in 2016, Andy has drawn on his 15+ year career in management to lead an exciting growth phase for Amdaris. He spearheaded the revisioning and rebranding of the business, helping to establish Amdaris as one of the fastest-growing software development companies in the UK. Alex Garfitt Non-executive Director Alex is one of Amdaris’ Non-Executive Directors. He also sits on the boards of several other technology and consumer brand businesses backed by BGF, including DevOps Group, SLG, Ruroc and Off-Piste Wines. Prior to working with BGF, Alex spent five years at KPMG in its Corporate Finance Team. Jamie Gibson Chief Financial Officer Jamie is Amdaris’ Chief Financial Officer. Jamie's focus is on developing and implementing Amdaris' financial strategies so that the business can achieve its ambitions. Jamie leads Amdaris’ global finance teams, overseeing the strategic financial planning and corporate fundraising needed to drive profitable long-term growth. His career includes time at companies such as Capita, SunGard, IPWireless and Cramer. Sarah Smyth Company Secretary Sarah is Amdaris’ Company Secretary and Group Accountant. She supports the co-CEOs and Chief Financial Officer with the financial management of Amdaris’ UK operations and the coordination of financial information across all group companies. Previous companies Sarah has worked at include Serco and Avarto Finance. Dominic Bridgman Chief Commercial Officer Dominic is Amdaris’ Chief Commercial Officer. His main responsibilities include leading the Sales and Customer Success Teams. Dominic’s continuous focus is to plan, develop and implement commercial strategies that focus on maximising sustainable growth and creating the most valuable solutions possible for Amdaris’ clients. He plays an integral role in the development of go-to-market strategies and is an expert in the markets Amdaris operates in. Prior to joining Amdaris, Dominic spent over twenty years leading Sales and Delivery Teams at organisations such as IBM, Informatica and Trillium Software. Mihai Cernei Chief Technology Officer Mihai is Amdaris’ Chief Technology Officer. He is responsible for determining the company’s strategies for technological development and ensuring all technologies within projects are used efficiently, profitably and securely. Mihai also drives the discovery and implementation of new technologies and services that will help evolve Amdaris’ offer to its clients. Mihai’s previous experience includes working in sectors such as peer-to-peer payment, construction and investment management. He holds a PhD in Physics. Matt Lee Chief Delivery Officer Matt is Amdaris’ Chief Delivery Officer. He is responsible for the successful delivery of all Consulting, Agile and Managed Service engagements delivered by Amdaris. Matt drives delivery excellence by ensuring that client engagement and satisfaction is always at the forefront of everything Amdaris does. Matt has over 20 years of experience developing and managing complex, cutting-edge IT systems for organisations such as IPL and Civica. Glyn Blaize Chief Operations Officer Glyn Blaize was appointed as Amdaris’ Chief Operating Officer in 2021. He joined Amdaris from Northstar Innovation Group, a business improvement and analytics company he founded in 2015. Glyn has held an impressive number of director roles over his career, including Commercial Director, Sales Director and Operations Director at growing SMEs, and Managing Director at Addocura. Anna Grier Centre Director, Romania Anna is the Centre Director of Amdaris Romania. She is responsible for defining, implementing and maintaining appropriate operating standards and principles across Amdaris Romania. She is also responsible for managing and supporting operational business functions including HR, Marketing and Finance. Her previous sector experience includes energy, recruitment and network technology. Petru Haheu Centre Director, Moldova Petru is the Centre Director of Amdaris Moldova. He is responsible for defining, implementing and maintaining appropriate operating standards and principles across Amdaris Moldova. He is also responsible for managing and supporting operational business functions including HR, Marketing and Finance. Prior to his eleven years with Amdaris, Petru worked in the charity sector. Olga Snegur Centre Director, Ukraine Olga is the Centre Director of Amdaris Ukraine. Olga has international experience across various industries. She is not afraid to take risks and is passionate about her work. Olga joined Amdaris in 2020, starting off as an IT Recruiter before being offered the opportunity to open the Odesa office and become Centre Director. Vesela Nikolova Centre Director, Bulgaria Vesela is the Centre Director of Amdaris Bulgaria. Vesela has business management and founding experience in various international start-ups and consulting NGOs. She also has experience working in education as a Teaching Assistant at the University of Maastricht and as a mentor in a Business Idea Accelerator. Vesela is passionate about sustainable social initiatives that strive to support the health and well-being of both people and the planet. OUR APPROACH Proven effective processes We practice a detailed and established agile methodology. It allows us to deliver on projects in a timely manner without compromising on quality. We are a 10-year Microsoft Gold-Certified Partner and have an internationally recognised certification ISO 27001. As such, you can be rest-assured of the security of your data. BENEFITS OF NEARSHORE Closing the skills gap There is an evident skills gap in the UK technology space, which is unable to keep up with the plethora of software solution ideas being born. Our nearshore services offer company culture parallel to your own, proficiency in English and a similar time zone. Equally, our exceptional software teams possess unique and desirable skillsets, which power the success of every project. ENSURING SUCCESS Our duty to excel Technology is evolving at a fast pace. This is both exciting and daunting for anyone delving into the realms of software development.We want to ensure every client feels confident. The Amdaris Project Health Index (APHI) allows us to minimise risk, ensuring the delivery, scalability and security of every project. It is a simple questionnaire audit which is reviewed at key stages in a project, allowing for continuous improvement, reassurance and satisfaction. Extended Delivery Teams Our Services Case studies Sustainability News Careers Privacy policy © Amdaris Group Limited. All rights reserved.

Amdaris - A better way to build, maintain and improve software applications | Amdaris Get in touch | +44(0)117 935 3444 Book a meeting Home Our Services Overview Software Development Strategy & Consulting Product Development Data Solutions Managed Services Extended Delivery Teams Our Extended Delivery Teams Our Progressive Approach Success Stories About Us News Careers Contact Us Sustainability Company Policies Privacy Policy News A better way to build, maintain and improve software applications Software Development A better way to build, maintain and improve software applications Strategy & Consulting A better way to build, maintain and improve software applications Product Development A better way to build, maintain and improve software applications Data Solutions A better way to build, maintain and improve software applications Managed Services Your trusted partner for high-velocity Extended Delivery Teams Unleash limitless possibilities with Amdaris, the premier provider of Extended Delivery Teams! Established in the city of Bristol in 2009, we’ve forged a reputation for delivering results that exceed expectations. With our flexible Progressive Delivery Approach and a team of exceptional professionals, we’ll make your seemingly impossible challenges a success. Imagine a partner who will not only seamlessly integrate into your business and culture, but will consistently deliver game-changing solutions that take your organisation to the next level. Unparalleled excellence with Amdaris’ extended delivery teams At the heart of our offering lies a solution that has revolutionised the way we deliver our services. Discover the better way we’ve found to continually delight, inspire and challenge our clients. With a team of exceptional professionals and a commitment to excellence, we’re ready to take your business to the next level. Learn more about our Extended Delivery Teams Change the game with our progressive approach to delivery Unlock the power of a truly exceptional team and watch as we work our magic to deliver game-changing results for your business. With a commitment to achieving quality through higher standards of governance and unwavering consistency, this innovative delivery approach is your key to success. Learn more about our proven methodology Clients that trust our teams Amdaris work closely to understand the goals and aspirations we have as an organisation, it’s a partnership built on trust and mutual respect across our teams as they work together as one. Robert Walters I was very impressed with the speed of the response to any requests. The Amdaris team were really easy to work with and quickly resolved any query to ensure our stakeholders were informed throughout the project. Royal College of Surgeons Working with Amdaris has given me the marketable product that you see today, but beyond this, I have a product that is scalable to meet the needs of our clients nationally and globally. Orbitá We are forever indebted to Amdaris for taking something already good and making it extraordinary. No one else has a product like this and it is all down to the skills and passion of Amdaris and what they have helped us create. Northstar Amdaris staff were extremely competent and passionate about their work and fitted in well with the team. UK team members were warmly received during visits to Chisinau. WPA Read our case studies Read our case studies Read our case studies 3 key reasons why our customers trust us 01 02 03 Exceptional People We don’t just provide adequate ‘resources’ or ‘skills’; we provide dedicated, exceptional people who not only deliver excellent results but are a good cultural fit for your business. Every Amdarian will have distinguished themselves through their technical excellence, and with rigorous HR screening and in-depth interviews, we also ensure that they are the perfect fit for the culture of Amdaris and — of course — for you. Seamless Collaboration A great team is more than a collection of great individuals; it’s a motivated tribe of communicators with shared values and a common goal. You can have the best people in the world on your team, but they’re only effective if they work together. We make sure everyone is aligned, understands your business needs, and is working towards your success, both in the short and long term. Continuous Learning Every individual we hire will have a growth mindset and be eager to keep improving their skills. As a business, we are also continuously learning and striving to push ourselves to the next level. Continuous learning also extends to our relationship with you. From our first conversation we’ll work hard to better understand your business, goals, and needs in order to deliver the best possible results. 01 Exceptional People We don’t just provide adequate ‘resources’ or ‘skills’; we provide dedicated, exceptional people who not only deliver excellent results but are a good cultural fit for your business. Every Amdarian will have distinguished themselves through their technical excellence, and with rigorous HR screening and in-depth interviews, we also ensure that they are the perfect fit for the culture of Amdaris and — of course — for you. 02 Seamless Collaboration A great team is more than a collection of great individuals; it’s a motivated tribe of communicators with shared values and a common goal. You can have the best people in the world on your team, but they’re only effective if they work together. We make sure everyone is aligned, understands your business needs, and is working towards your success, both in the short and long term. 03 Continuous Learning Every individual we hire will have a growth mindset and be eager to keep improving their skills. As a business, we are also continuously learning and striving to push ourselves to the next level. Continuous learning also extends to our relationship with you. From our first conversation we’ll work hard to better understand your business, goals, and needs in order to deliver the best possible results. Net Promoter Score / 87 Any rating above an 80 is considered excellent and puts us in the top percentile. Our long-term partners’ satisfaction speaks for itself. Employee Retention / 85% With state-of-the-art workplaces and employee benefits, employee satisfaction is a top priority for us. Not everyone gets to work at Amdaris; those who do, stay. Staff Promoted / 18% Our teams work incredibly hard, and we show our thanks through action as well as words. Everyone has people, but not everyone has Amdaris people. ISO 27001 Trusted with your projects, trusted with your data. Your information is secured in all forms, including paper-based, cloud-based and digitally. Net Promoter Score / 87 Employee Retention / 85% Any rating above an 80 is considered excellent and puts us in the top percentile. Our long-term partners’ satisfaction speaks for itself. With state-of-the-art workplaces and employee benefits, employee satisfaction is a top priority for us. Not everyone gets to work at Amdaris; those who do, stay. Our teams work incredibly hard, and we show our thanks through action as well as words. Everyone has people, but not everyone has Amdaris people. Trusted with your projects, trusted with your data. Your information is secured in all forms, including paper-based, cloud-based and digitally. Staff Promoted / 18% ISO 27001 Our capabilities Software Engineering Amdaris extends your teams with exceptional people developed from Eastern Europe’s richest talent pools and top technical universities. Amdaris software engineers will not only deliver your project, but impart their knowledge to increase your own team’s capabilities. Product Design The collaborative phases of researching, brainstorming and, of course, designing projects. All underpinned by a flexible, sprint-led process to deliver your projects on time and on budget in a trusted partnership. Software Architecture The development of a functional blueprint for your software project to expedite and increase the efficiency of the entire process. Such attention to detail will help ensure we are consistently on track towards delivering your essential goals. Quality Assurance Eradicate the cost of bug fixing further down the line by investing in Quality Assurance. With manual, automated and other testing approaches, we ensure that bugs are fixed before they go live in the system. Solutions Architecture Providing technical assistance and support, Solutions Architecture identifies your technical and business requirements and designs a bespoke, commercially viable solution utilising the necessary Amdaris services. Product Leadership Building the strategy for delivering your project by identifying key metrics and creating a roadmap. Product Leadership helps keep things on track by collating opinions and making tough decisions when necessary. Business Analysis Learning the needs of a business and identifying solutions to problems. These solutions could include the development of a software or system component, improvements to existing processes, organisation changes or strategic planning and policy development. DevOps Removing the boundaries between the traditional development and IT operations teams, DevOps establishes a set of common practices that aim to streamline deployments by making them more frequent, more reliable and less time-consuming. Data Science & Engineering With data fluent expertise, Amdaris will integrate, manage and analyse business data, figuring out how best to utilise the learnings to evolve businesses to their next stage of functionality. Agile Leadership Avoiding rigidity in our approach is a key reason behind our success. We place such an emphasis on Agile delivery — and the leadership required to deliver it — in order to adapt to any situation and continually delight our clients. Programme Management Whatever assistance our clients are seeking from Amdaris, we have skilled management practices in place to oversee the programme from inception to completion, helping it remain on track and on budget. Speak with one of our experts to learn more about our capabilities Book a meeting Our locations Our locations UK United Kingdom Bristol MD Moldova Chisinau RO Romania Timisoara Bucharest BG Bulgaria Sofia UA Ukraine Odesa UAE United ArabEmirates Dubai Find out how we can help you Get in touch and speak with one of our expert Amdarians today to discover how we can make your impossible challenges a reality. +44(0117 935 3444) Extended Delivery Teams Our Services Case studies Sustainability News Careers Privacy policy © Amdaris Group Limited. All rights reserved.

Locuri de munca la Amdaris - 3 joburi pe Rabota.md Intră Principala Joburi În Chișinău După rubrici După companii După profesii După orașe Joburi curente Joburi pe E-mail CV-uri Companiilor VIP joburi Branding Prețuri și servicii Opiniile clienților Statistica site-ului Recrutare personal Blog Adaugă CV Adaugă Job +373 696-19917 Vladimir — managerrelații cu clienții 022 92-10-95 Moderatorul Nastea — întrebarireferitoare la anunțuri și CV 022 92-10-58 Contabilitatea: Ala și Elena - întrebari referitoare la plați, conturi și acte de verificare rabota@rabota.md Acceptăm E-mailuri 24/24 Facebook Instagram Telegram VK.com OK.ru Twitter YouTube LinkedIn Lucru în Chișinău și în Moldova Joburi După rubrici După companii După profesii După orașe În Chișinău Joburi curente Joburi pe E-mail Adaugă CV CV-uri Companiilor VIP joburi Branding Prețuri și servicii Opiniile clienților Statistica site-ului Recrutare personal Adaugă Job Adaugă Intră RU Amdaris 3 Joburi disponibile Companie Anunțuri Beneficii Foto Video Rețelele sociale Contacte Companie Founded in 2009 in the UK, Amdaris is an international company with over 12 years of experience in information technology. Our sales offices in the UK and Dubai are supported by delivery centres in Romania, Moldova, Odesa and Bulgaria. We employ hundreds of people worldwide with our largest teams located in our delivery centres, we are proud to announce that our centre in Chisinau, Moldova recently celebrated their 300th employee. We are constantly investing in the next generation of tech talent through our internships and mentoring programs, knowledge-sharing culture, and partnerships with local universities. We are growing fast; our exceptional people and processes take software to the next level. For us, excellence is not just an act, it’s a way of life. Our teams live and breathe transformative technology, they care passionately and constantly envisage better ways to harness the latest innovations and advance our customers businesses. Oficiul principal Amdaris Moldova, Forum Office Mt. Varlaam 63/23 str. Chisinau Republic of, Chișinău Domeniul IT Numarul angajaților mai mult de 500 Beneficii Team buildinguri Notebook Ceai, cafea, apa Pranz achitat Fructe Asigurare medicala privata Abonament la clubul de fitness Program de lucru flexibil Posibilitatea de a lucra de acasa Crestere profesionala Traininguri, cursuri Foto Video anunțuri Senior Node.JS Developer 10 Septembrie 2023, Chișinău Trimite CV Senior DevOps Engineer (AWS) 10 Septembrie 2023, Chișinău Trimite CV Senior Python Developer 10 Septembrie 2023, Chișinău Trimite CV Amdaris in rețelele de socializare Amdaris ﻿ Date de contact Amdaris Moldova, Forum Office Mt. Varlaam 63/23 str. Chisinau Republic of, Chișinău E-mail: apply@amdaris.com Oops! Doar solicitanții pot adăuga joburi în mapa Favorite. Închide Atașeaza CV-ul Creaza CV Atașeaza CV-ul Alegeți jobul Alegeți jobul Indicați Nume și Prenume Sunt de acord cu termenii și condițiilepentru prelucrarea datelor mele personale Verificați condițiile de prelucrare a datelor cu caracter personal Creaza cel mai bun CV din Moldova! Completeaza CV-ul pe Rabota.mdși trimite-l în orice companie cu un singur click! Iți va lua 10 minute Ai deja un CV pe site-ul nostru? Intră pe site Creaza cel mai bun CV din Moldova! Completeaza CV-ul pe Rabota.mdși trimite-l în orice companie cu un singur click! Iți va lua 10 minute Ai deja un CV pe site-ul nostru? Creaza CV Trimite CV-ul Alegeți jobul Alegeți jobul Închide CV-ul a fost expediat! Închide Aplica Indicați Nume și Prenume Pina la 1 an De la 1 pina la 3 ani De la 3 pina la 5 ani Mai mult de 5 ani Indica experiența Indica telefon Închide Despre noi Opiniile clienților Statistica site-ului Salarii în Moldova Blog Termeni și condiții Acord de confidențialitate Acord al utilizatorului Contacteaza moderatorul Intră Angajatorilor VIP joburi Joburi urgente Acces la baza de CV-uri Cele mai bune anunțuri Branding Logoul pe prima pagină Publicitate tip banner Recrutare de personal Facebook Instagram Telegram VK.com OK.ru Twitter YouTube LinkedIn Lucru în Chișinău și în Moldova © 2005-2023 Rabota.md Descarca dinApp Store Descarca dinGoogle Play VIP joburi Branding Prețuri și servicii Opiniile clienților Statistica site-ului

Evaluări Amdaris - Totul despre mediul de lucru Pag 1 JavaScript-ul este dezactivat. Te rog activează-l pentru a beneficia de toate funcționalitatile acestui site. Toggle navigation Caută Închide Adaugă CV-ul Locuri de muncă (current) Resurse Noutăți și articole Top angajatori Studenți Creare CV online Pentru angajatori Contul meu Companii Job-uri Salarii Interviuri Ești nemulțumit de job-ul tău? Descoperă oportunități de carieră! Reprezinți compania? Administrează această pagină Amdaris (15 evaluări) http://info.amdaris.com/ Adaugă evaluare Locuri de muncă Evaluări 15 Salarii 1 Interviuri 1 Beneficii Forum Acest angajator nu comunică, momentan, despre brandul său în comunitate. Reprezinți compania? Activează-ți profilul Așteaptă o secundă... Dorești să aplici când acest angajator publică joburi potrivite experienței tale? Aplic acum 80% Recomandă cunoscuților Oportunități de avansare Pachet salarial Timp la birou vs. timp liber Management Proceduri și valori Evaluări companie Amdaris Toate localitățile Chisinau Moldova Toate joburile Intern Java developer QA Engineer Software Engineer QA Software Tester Toate tipurile de job Full time Part time Oportunități de avansare Pachet salarial Timp la birou vs. timp liber Management Proceduri și valori Salarii bune, conditii medii 28.08.2023 Oportunități de avansare Pachet salarial Timp la birou vs. timp liber Management Proceduri și valori Pro Salariu, nivel inalt, trip Contra Crestere lenta, burocratie Chisinau - Java developer Perioada de muncă: 1-2 ani. Nu recomand această firmă cunoscuților. Am fost de ajutor? Spune-le și altora! Adaugă experiența ta în cadrul unei companii sau experiența unui interviu recent și ai acces la mai multe rezultate Adaugă evaluare Adaugă interviu Ai adăugat deja o contribuție? Intră în contul tău Oportunități de avansare Pachet salarial Timp la birou vs. timp liber Management Proceduri și valori Amdaris 28.08.2023 Oportunități de avansare Pachet salarial Timp la birou vs. timp liber Management Proceduri și valori Pro Motivatia Pentru a vizualiza toate informațiile te rugăm să adaugi o contribuție Ai adăugat deja o contribuție? Intră în contul tău Adaugă evaluare Adaugă interviu Am fost de ajutor? Spune-le și altora! Oportunități de avansare Pachet salarial Timp la birou vs. timp liber Management Proceduri și valori Amdaris 25.08.2023 Oportunități de avansare Pachet salarial Timp la birou vs. timp liber Management Proceduri și valori Pro Ambianța Pentru a vizualiza toate informațiile te rugăm să adaugi o contribuție Ai adăugat deja o contribuție? Intră în contul tău Adaugă evaluare Adaugă interviu Am fost de ajutor? Spune-le și altora! Oportunități de avansare Pachet salarial Timp la birou vs. timp liber Management Proceduri și valori Amdaris 24.08.2023 Oportunități de avansare Pachet salarial Timp la birou vs. timp liber Management Proceduri și valori Pro e o companie de dezvoltare ce poti invata multe lucrurii Pentru a vizualiza toate informațiile te rugăm să adaugi o contribuție Ai adăugat deja o contribuție? Intră în contul tău Adaugă evaluare Adaugă interviu Am fost de ajutor? Spune-le și altora! Oferte care ți s-ar potrivi Conducator stivuitor / Водитель ... Full time Chisinau, Travel Data Coordinator $2500 Full time Chisinau bd. Dacia 31, Contabil conturi curente (limba engleză) $800 Full time Chisinau, Oportunități de avansare Pachet salarial Timp la birou vs. timp liber Management Proceduri și valori Amdaris 23.08.2023 Oportunități de avansare Pachet salarial Timp la birou vs. timp liber Management Proceduri și valori Pro ambianta Pentru a vizualiza toate informațiile te rugăm să adaugi o contribuție Ai adăugat deja o contribuție? Intră în contul tău Adaugă evaluare Adaugă interviu Am fost de ajutor? Spune-le și altora! 1 - 5 din 15 rezultate « 1 2 3 » Activează alertă job Toate job-urile Activează Locuri de muncă Dyninno Locuri de muncă Travel Data Coordinator ... Dyninno Chisinau bd. Dacia 31 Backoffice Quality ... Dyninno Chisinau Conducator stivuitor / ... Profmet Grup SRL Chisinau Specialist recrutare / ... Profmet Grup SRL Chisinau Full Stack PHP (Laravel) ... Undelucram Chisinau Vezi mai multe locuri de muncă × Hai în comunitatea Undelucram.md și ai acces la toate informațiile Creare cont nou Am uitat parola Logare cu Facebook Logare cu Google Logare cu LinkedIn Prin continuarea navigării pe acest site confirmi că ai citit și înteles Termenii și condițiile de utilizare și Politica de prelucrare a datelor cu caracter personal Reprezinți compania? Log in Autentificare Logare | Înregistrare E-mail Parola Prin continuarea navigării pe acest site confirmi că ai citit și înteles Termenii și condițiile de utilizare și Politica de prelucrare a datelor cu caracter personal Am uitat parola Detalii despre companie Nume companie Nume reprezentant Funcția Cod fiscal Numărul de angajați Care sunt funcționalitățile platformei Undelucram.md pe care dorești să le accesezi? Jobbing Ai posibilitatea să postezi anunțuri de angajare și să le promovezi în rândul unei audiențe de + 650.000 utilizatori activi. Analytics Propriul instrument cu date analitice despre activitatea utilizatorilor interesați de compania ta. Employer Branding Funcționalitatea cu ajutorul căreia compania ta interacționează cu publicul său pentru o mai bună imagine de angajator. Detalii generale Telefon E-mail Parola Confirmă parola Am citit și înțeles Termenii și condițiile de utilizare și Politica de prelucrare a datelor cu caracter personal Declar că reprezint compania și lucrez într-unul din departamentele de HR, Marketing, PR sau Top Management. Vreau să fiu la curent cu ultimele noutăți Înregistrare Creează-ți CV-ul și aplică la joburile care ți se potrivesc. CREEAZĂ CV RO CREEAZĂ CV EN Creează-ți CV-ul și aplică la joburile care ți se potrivesc. CREEAZĂ CV RO CREEAZĂ CV EN Autentificare Prin continuarea navigării pe acest site confirmi că ai citit și înteles Termenii și condițiile de utilizare și Politica de prelucrare a datelor cu caracter personal Creare cont nou Am uitat parola Logare cu Facebook Logare cu Google Logare cu LinkedIn Creare cont nou Am citit, înteles şi sunt de acord cu Termenii şi condiţiile de utilizare Am citit şi înţeles Politica de prelucrare a datelor cu caracter personal Vreau să fiu la curent cu ultimele noutăți Termeni și condiții de utilizare Prelucrare date Politica de cookies Contact Candidați Adaugă CV-ul Locuri de muncă Concursuri Adaugă o contribuție Salarii Interviuri Creare CV online Știri Top angajatori Angajatori Cont angajatori Adaugă job UNDELUCRAM.RO DEPRATSIUIESH.COM.UA MUNKAHELYEINK.HU KDEPRACUJEME.CZ POUDOULEVEIS.GR GDZIEPRACUJEMY.PL KADERABOTIM.BG Urmăriți-ne și pe: © www.undelucram.md 2023 Toate drepturile rezervate. Câștigă un Card Cadou Enter în valoare de 1.000 lei în fiecare lună! până la extragere zile ore min sec Participă la tombolă! Utilizând acest site sunteți de acord cu folosirea cookie-urilor. Consultați politica noastră privind modulele cookie. Am înțeles Acest site folosește cookies. Informații aici. Am înțeles Înca un pas pentru a finaliza ::contributie::. Continuă Încă un pas pentru a finaliza aplicația ta Aplică Evaluează un angajator Adaugă un salariu Evaluează un interviu Adaugă CV Ajută-ne să îți oferim o experiență mai buna! Ce părere ai despre pagina pe care ai vizitat-o? Câmpul este obligatoriu. Ajută-ne să întelegem mai bine. Selectează o categorie: Am o recomandare Am o nemulțumire Alte Câmpul este obligatoriu. Spune-ne ce putem să facem mai bine. Lasă un comentariu în căsuța de mai jos! Mulțumim pentru timpul tău! Trimite

Amdaris info@ict.md Making IT happen info@ict.md About About ATIC Board Team Partners Vacancies ATIC Members Members Directory Become an ATIC member Benefits Advocacy ATIC Committees Fiscal Committee Legal Committee HR and Education Committee Fintech Committee Position Papers Programs Aleg Cariera IT ICT Career Orientation Projects Tekwill Startup City Cahul Empowering Women in Tech Youth Maker Club (LED) Past Projects Publications Annual Report ICT Sector White Book Ghidul pe semnătura electronică Catalogue of ATIC Members IT Companies facing COVID Relevant ICT sector Resources News ATIC News Members News ICT News About About ATIC Board Team Partners Vacancies ATIC Members Members Directory Become an ATIC member Benefits Advocacy ATIC Committees Fiscal Committee Legal Committee HR and Education Committee Fintech Committee Position Papers Programs Aleg Cariera IT ICT Career Orientation Projects Tekwill Startup City Cahul Empowering Women in Tech Youth Maker Club (LED) Past Projects Publications Annual Report ICT Sector White Book Ghidul pe semnătura electronică Catalogue of ATIC Members IT Companies facing COVID Relevant ICT sector Resources News ATIC News Members News ICT News ict.md/Amdaris Amdaris Providing exceptional teams, Amdaris takes business software to the next level. We deliver outstanding software development, provide application support teams and take on digital transformation projects. We are the ultimate problem solvers, connecting the right people with the right task, and collaborating seamlessly. We assist clients ranging from start-ups to multinationals. Founded in Bristol in 2009, we have established offices in the United Kingdom, Moldova and Romania. We collaborate with clients to provide high quality solutions and deliver against each unique requirement. Focusing on helping our clients to achieve their vision, we reduce project risk and maximize impact by using proven best practices. Visit us on www.amdaris.com Video gallery Information Contact info@ict.md Studenților 9/11, Chișinău, Moldova Follow us Facebook LinkedIn Newsletter You can unsubscribe at any time Email Address We use cookies on our website to give you the most relevant experience by remembering your preferences and repeat visits. By clicking “Accept”, you consent to the use of ALL the cookies. However you may visit Cookie Settings to provide a controlled consent.Cookie settingsACCEPTPrivacy & Cookies Policy Close Privacy summary This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience. Newsletter You can unsubscribe at any time Email Address